---
published: false
---
BC Dining Menus has been my first real, solo technical exploration. BCDM is a super simple app which lets students view the dining menus on a native app rather than on the clunkly BC website. I built the entire app by myself; I did all the real marketing; I fielded complaints and suggestions from users. I experienced rushes of excitment when my app was downloaded 50 times in one day (a very big number for a newbie), when I felt people other than TA's were actually running my code, and not just to grade it. I also felt surges of dissapointment and resentment towards myself when I pushed code that introduced major bugs and when growth stalled for large periods of time.

The biggest takeaways I have from the first six months of the experience are that imposter syndrom will never really go away and getting over the mental hurdle of actually starting is the most important step. 

I remeber when I finally finished the MVP, uploaded the file on to App Store Connect, and submitted for review, I felt a wave of relief. This of course was followed by a rush of hyteria when my application was rejected and I feared I had sunk 40 hours of development into a dead project. Clearer minds prevailed, and after some small tweaks and a reapply, I was succesfully uploaded. There was however a dark period of about one week where I felt I would never ever be good enough to be published in the app store. Once it was actually published I looked at myself in the mirror and said wait, I actually need to get people to use this. How in the world will I do that? When I stood on the corners outside dining halls, handing out flyers, again I felt stupid and that I would never really get to even 10 users outside of my immediate friend group. Even today, when BCDM has grown to a relatively small but solid daily user count, I feel like the possibily of ever monetizing this project or making it more technically advanced on slim to none. Imposter syndone will never really go away. As Quigon-Gin says in Episdode 1 of Star Wars, "There's always a bigger fish." But as long as you are impoving your product and getting user validation, that should be enough for anyone to be proud of what the built.

The second real takeaway I have from this experience thus far has been that often taking the first step is the hardest step. So often, I'll complain to my other tech friends that so-and-so service is terrible and I could do a much better job. But rather than actually doing it, I'll just waste an entire afternoon watching a show or over-worrying about some homework assignment. For a while I told my friends that the BC Dining website is terrible and that someone easily could replace it. When one of my friends called me out and said, "Oh yeah, well then actually do it," I froze and realized that while I had done a lot of talking, I really hadn't done anything. The next day I started and got into a routine of working on the app for a solid 2 hours after school After around a month of really enjoyable working, I had finished and I was actually happy with what I built. This of course would never of happened if my friend didn't prompt me with a sharp comment that finally spurred me into action.  